As expected of President Wan's biological father
Secretary Yang is really smart
Okay, so you're all on the same team
We have no enmity
Why did you do it?
Isn't that thanks to them?
Otherwise, with your ability as Secretary Yang
How could it be so easy to capture?
Now there are only a few of us left in Jiangzhou.
Got rid of you
那个姓万的小子乳臭未干
It's not just what I do with it
Do you want to learn from Dongxing Foundation?
replace
I didn't learn from them
They imitated me
Huaxing Chamber of Commerce has such a big foundation
How can a young boy inherit it?
Secretary Yang, do you think so?
President, don't talk nonsense with him
Hurry up and bury this stinky bitch
Nice. Bury this bitch
The president and the father and son surnamed Wan
Can't let them get away
I wish us a successful cooperation this time.
In the future, I have to thank you for your support.
Hahahaha
OK, OK. OK.
Uh-huh.